Bio-Tools-Run-QCons
===================

A wrapper module of the QCons application for the analysis of protein-protein contacts.
_______________________________________________________________________________________

This module implements a wrapper for the QCons application. QCons
itself is an implementation of the Polyhedra algorithm for the
prediction of protein-protein contacts. From the [program's web page]
[1]:

> QContacts allows for a fast and accurate analysis of protein binding
> interfaces. Given a PDB file [...] and the interacting chains of
> interest, QContacts will provide a graphical representation of the
> residues in contact. The contact map will not only indicate the
> contacts present between the two proteins, but will also indicate
> whether the contact is a packing interaction,  hydrogen bond, ion pair
> or salt bridge (hydrogen-bonded ion pair). Contact maps allow for easy
> visualization and comparison of protein-protein interactions.

For a thorough description of the algorithm, it's limitatinons and a
comparison with several others, refer to Fischer, T. et. al: Assessing
methods for identifying pair-wise atomic contacts across binding
interfaces, J. Struc. Biol., vol 153, p. 103-112, 2006.

### INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

### SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc Bio::Tools::Run::QCons

You can also look for information at:

    RT, CPAN's request tracker
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Bio-Tools-Run-QCons

    AnnoCPAN, Annotated CPAN documentation
        http://annocpan.org/dist/Bio-Tools-Run-QCons

    CPAN Ratings
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Bio-Tools-Run-QCons

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/Bio-Tools-Run-QCons/


### COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2009 Bruno Vecchi

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

[1]: http://tsailab.tamu.edu/QCons "Qcons"
